Fix minor issues in http cache (#2348)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/cache/persistence_cache.md

which has info on cache use in two places:

- Symfony Cache tab: for Symfony Cache itself, the tab shows cache lookups to cache backends

> - Ibexa tab: shows calls made to database back end, and if they are cached or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[= product_name_base =]] tab: shows calls made to database back end, and if they are cached or not
```
I think vale is right here - if we rename the company we will probably rename this tab as well 😅
